Ahhhuh
Oh well creative hobbies that I would get into.
I wanted to get into painting.
My mom actually might have.
In high school, my sister um was...
a really good art. um She painted.
And ah she had a
wait our teacher who loved her
Pieces, I thought she was the best thing ever. And so when I entered school...
high school and I wanted to take an art class. She was the only art teacher.
And when I went in her class, and I was drawing, and when she...
I found out that my sister was... I thought I was her sister.
Huh She just dropped everything.
and and you know went to the whole class and tell them how wonderful my sister was.
What a great artist she was. And I thought, yes!
And That turned me off. she huha That turned me off because...
Um In high school she was go only if you wanted to
progress in art, she was your ally.
And I don't want to go through this. huhuh
So I turned to journalism. But um I would like to get back into art.
I did try um some article
did some paints and things like that um
ch And I bought a few ah things to try to start up again.
This was several years ago and I never really progressed.
huhuhhahaah I dropped and I
But I'd like to pick it up again because I did um
into I or and may I
Maybe there's certain kinds that draw me. You know, like that I like better. Because I think...
I've always enjoyed drawing, but I always thought, well, I'd like to do something
in color. So um I naturally thought.
Watercolor will be easiest to get into.
And It's hard, really? I think
ch yes yes
Ohhh, yeah huhuhaaah
Yeah, it takes a lot of
practice and I got these art books and yeah it's hard. It's hard to learn on your own.
So maybe if I went and took a class somewhere, it might be more fun.
Yeah sure and my work huhhu might be that way huh
mm..
yeah you know it was just always
color pencils I did, Yeah, so and I enjoyed color pencils
And and just the regular pencils, right?
Um And I think that's probably the median threat.
It's just the easiest, the one that I'm most familiar with and most comfortable with.
But it doesn't, I feel like I don't expand much beyond that.
Um So I'd like to try my hand at something.
And maybe watercolor is not the way to go. Maybe I should try it.
Crayons are something, yeah, just to try something
Yes, My sister used to do oil painting, and um she will
Just so the kids can, yeah, just um...
It was a process and she would have to do it outside.
Because of the smells, right? huhuhaah um
So yes
Have you ever taken any girl classes or what have you?
okay okay
Ch Ohh, okay. ohh
Oh yes, Sneaky! We used to do that when I was a kid too.
Yes umm..
There is a reason for that. I haven't
I always thought of it as a Japanese huhu thing too
and yes
yes It's for
Ohhh, it's ok okay, yeah
ch Yes.
mhm
ohh
yes
ch ohh..I see
yeah
Huhahahuh
Ohhh, so and
sustain So do you feel your.. your, do you feel your
And I have no idea what I'm doing.
new bath.
ohhh you do, woww...
yes, yes
ch woww..
huhuhahahaa
It brings you enjoyment though, that's gotta be, you know, health benefits.
right?